hey guys a soft touch crazy here and I
am going to teach you how to make a
Minecraft car now this here is what
we're good we're going to make um it
does not actually drive but this is more
for PE because you put pressure plate
here about um black wall for taught
tires and then a button between the
hubcap but this is more going to be for
PC buying PE sorry but you could also do
it for pc and xbox or let me just bring
it up well what ok let's get started for
you will need some glowstone on glass Oh
red and black wool and sex gates will be
for the end ok go ad to hear wool then
pull for back so one two three four and
then we'll add tires here and then you
would click the glass in front and back
because cars are back windows too and
also front because if you don't how will
you see skin in an accident will be
barfing shines
okay and this car is our convertible
well hi I'm ducks who's my sister but um
I um I I broke dish because um like
because it feels like this it was just a
look weird or something so this looks
more like convertible and then I put in
this in the back because when it does
it's like it goes in and then add
whatever you want to call it stone slabs
Kyle anything
ok
and then you want to break that wall as
this so you could go in and see oh here
oh I did the wrong way try guys I'm
driving the wrong way driving the wrong
way on the vertical from that and then
we will go on your inventory get sense
gate gate and fence gate well and one in
the back you will break this tool and
break it here so cars know like whatever
you are and then with the tile stone
slab but it won't call it in cooking
this is how you make a Minecraft car
mostly for PT I hope you enjoyed please
subscribe